# Power-Shell
Azure PowerShell Documentation
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/?view=azps-11.4.0

Install Azure PowerShell on Windows
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/install-azps-windows?view=azps-11.4.0&tabs=powershell&pivots=windows-psgallery

The PowerShell Gallery
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/gallery/overview?view=powershell-7.4
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/gallery/overview?view=powershellget-3.x

https://www.powershellgallery.com/

PowerShell Made Easy
https://youtu.be/b7SGPchYRn0?si=Ihk6Iim58BVeqJh0

15 Useful PowerShell Commands for Beginners | Learn Microsoft PowerShell
https://youtu.be/VFuobJbbDtU?si=UoZtyn90s413yWMF

Top 10 PowerShell Commands for Beginners | Realistic Examples with Explanations!
https://youtu.be/MP_UR5iWfZQ?si=Z2Ck1MvGw3N5NjKI

PowerShell Training

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmBNQq8ckUwsGrr1JAC8Iv14usVXMBLtp

All things Microsoft PowerShell
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCGGtLsUjhm2k22nFHHdupAK0hSNZVfXi&si=W1qgGYTDZ6AjAcd3

Getting Started with Azure PowerShell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQMdJ-9-lxY

Azure PowerShell Tutorial - Virtual Machine Operation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATjkWSRIOfE&list=PLcztcD0FhTWajQw3fS1YRdUvpWs7IdbDt&index=2&t=43s

Powershell with Azure : Getting Image information
https://youtu.be/5LVsWBneoPQ?si=m2eLRXe958gqpyoy

How To Locate An Image SKU In Azure Using PowerShell
https://youtu.be/MFZlYj5F1gI?si=jnNjJJdTxbbZ1NHz

Azure PowerShell Tutorial - Create a VM using a specific Image
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahmBTdlB1so

Use PowerShell to Create a Snapshot Based Image of an Azure Virtual Machine
https://youtu.be/H3UrVsI9f7s?si=eiR-yJZqYMYN2Tep

Create Azure Virtual Machine using powershell CloudShell how to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nk47K4ha8YU

 Adding Disks Using PowerShell 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnrGGCx2OTM
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApwoSDw1bIE

How to Create a Azure vNet and Subnet Using PowerShell | Use PowerShell to Create a Virtual Network
https://youtu.be/8oXE9y4mx2E?si=tBdbQDdagZg_eqsb
How to Add Subnets to Existing Azure vNet Using PowerShell
https://youtu.be/DRi6AfpRW-s?si=Kn8FUPFd5L3GFBW2


How to save login credentials to a file using PowerShell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjOVholp0II

How to Get Credentials from Windows Credential Manager to run UiPath Automations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzFS8iZhzqM

Automating Login to Microsoft 365 PowerShell without password
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq-KwyBANCk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVZAbQEkegU

Automate Active Directory with PowerShell
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnK11SQMNnE4_mlkNufhyI4n-zOcqKqfr&si=vgIWBkfrpFbRiT5U

https://youtu.be/9oiEOYFe6PI?si=lEqZapgxWD8hRFsI
PowerShell and Active Directory Essentials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zDXTLiX_wk
